packages/extension/README.md, before:

# RefactorAI

RefactorAI is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows engineers and developers to refactor, debug, and explain their code using natural language processing. With RefactorAI, you can quickly generate AI-generated responses that can help you improve your code quality and solve complex programming problems.

## Features

-   Refactor: Refactor your code using AI-generated suggestions.
-   Debug: Debug your code using AI-generated suggestions.
-   Explain: Get an AI-generated explanation of your code.
-   Custom: Add a custom prompt.

## Installation

To install RefactorAI, follow these steps:

1. Open Visual Studio Code.
2. Click on the Extensions icon in the sidebar (or press `Ctrl+Shift+X`).
3. Search for "RefactorAI" in the search bar.
4. Click on the "Install" button next to RefactorAI.
5. Wait for the installation to complete.

Alternatively, you can download the extension from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace and install it manually.

## Usage

To use RefactorAI, follow these steps:

1. Type "Activate RefactorAI" into the command palette (or press `Ctrl+Shift+P` and search for "Activate RefactorAI").
2. Paste your code into the input box that appears.
3. Press either the "Refactor", "Debug", or "Explain" button.
4. Wait for the AI-generated response to appear.

You can also use keybindings or add RefactorAI to your toolbar for quicker access.

## Roadmap

RefactorAI is a new tool, and evolves every week. Here's a rough roadmap:

[] Allow users to sign in with Gitub
[] Enable streaming mode so responses come in word-by-word and not all at once
[] Allow users to use their own API keys and AI models
[] Allow users to submit context to the AI so it gradually learns their specific problems

## Requirements

RefactorAI requires an internet connection. In the future, it will require a valid API key to use.

## Extension Settings

RefactorAI does not have any configurable settings at this time.

## Known Issues

There are no known issues with RefactorAI at this time. If you encounter any issues, please report them to this [feedback form](https://forms.gle/WovhUia6eJQ8NeSW6)

## Release Notes

### 0.2.0
-   Laid groundwork for streaming functionality (coming next update!)
-   Added feedback form button (please use it!)
-   Made AI more thorough 
-   Removed unnecessary dialog boxes
-   Fixed API issues
-   Fixed broken custom prompt button

## License

RefactorAI is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

update readme with new features and roadmap

packages/extension/README.md, after:

# RefactorAI

RefactorAI is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows engineers and developers to refactor, debug, and explain their code using natural language processing. With RefactorAI, you can quickly generate AI-generated responses that can help you improve your code quality and solve complex programming problems.

## Features

-   Refactor: Refactor your code using AI-generated suggestions.
-   Debug: Debug your code using AI-generated suggestions.
-   Explain: Get an AI-generated explanation of your code.
-   Custom: Add a custom prompt.

## Installation

To install RefactorAI, follow these steps:

1. Open Visual Studio Code.
2. Click on the Extensions icon in the sidebar (or press `Ctrl+Shift+X`).
3. Search for "RefactorAI" in the search bar.
4. Click on the "Install" button next to RefactorAI.
5. Wait for the installation to complete.

Alternatively, you can download the extension from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace and install it manually.

## Usage

To use RefactorAI, follow these steps:

1. Type "Activate RefactorAI" into the command palette (or press `Ctrl+Shift+P` and search for "Activate RefactorAI").
2. Paste your code into the input box that appears.
3. Press either the "Refactor", "Debug", or "Explain" button.
4. Wait for the AI-generated response to appear.

You can also use keybindings or add RefactorAI to your toolbar for quicker access.

## Roadmap

RefactorAI is a new tool, and evolves every week. Here's a rough roadmap:

-   [ ] Allow users to sign in with Gitub

-   [ ] Enable streaming mode so responses come in word-by-word and not all at once

-   [ ] Allow users to use their own API keys

-   [ ] Allow users to select different AI models for the response

    -   GPT-3.5
    -   GPT-4

-   [ ] Select code, then select RefactorAI function from context menu, and receive AI response in side pane webview

-   [ ] Access file system (in restricted mode) to read Typescript declaration files, custom types, and typed packages

-   [ ] Access file system (in restricted mode) to allow AI to gain context on how codebase works

## Requirements

RefactorAI requires an internet connection. In the future, it will require a valid API key to use.

## Extension Settings

RefactorAI does not have any configurable settings at this time.

## Known Issues

There are no known issues with RefactorAI at this time. If you encounter any issues, please report them to this [feedback form](https://forms.gle/WovhUia6eJQ8NeSW6)

## Release Notes

### 0.2.2

-   Laid groundwork for streaming functionality (coming soon!)
-   Added feedback form button (please use it!)
-   Made AI more thorough
-   Removed unnecessary dialog boxes
-   Fixed API issues
-   Fixed broken custom prompt button

## License

RefactorAI is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.
